PRIVACY POLICY :

1. Introduction
        WAN Vision Ltd. is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This
        corporate wide Online Privacy Policy discloses the information practices for
        WAN Vision’s Afik1 System & site on the Web.

        You can visit WAN Vision web site without providing us any information about
        yourself. However we will sometimes ask you to submit your personal information
        in order to provide services such as to respond to your inquiry, process your
        registration or order, provide you access to specific account information.
        Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you use Afik1 System & the WAN
        Vision web site. The application of this Privacy Policy is only to sites
        controlled by WAN Vision or its subsidiaries and not to web sites controlled by
        other companies or organizations we may link to.

2. Sharing Information
        We will not resell your information, but it may be forwarded to authorized WAN
        Vision partners in order to supply you with WAN Vision goods and services or
        to notify you about special offers. Although we make every effort to preserve
        your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by
        law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to
        comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process
        served on our Web site. The WAN Vision Web site may contain links to other
        sites. Please be aware that WAN Vision is not responsible for the privacy
        practices of such other sites, which may differ from those practiced by WAN
        Vision.

3. Collected Information
        Non-personally identifiable information
                The Web site & Afik1 System exchange uses session ID cookies for
                maintaining your "session" or conversation with our Web servers
                when you fill out forms in Afik1 System or on our Web site.
                Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server
                and do not collect any personal information. To maintain your
                session, a small text file is placed on your hard drive. Once
                you close your browser, the cookie is simply deleted. We may use
                cookies to serve you better and more efficiently, and to
                personalize your experience at our site. To do so, the cookies
                we use may record non-personally identifiable information
                pertaining to your preferences for viewing particular web pages.
                We may also use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable
                information to help us in analyzing trends, tracking user's
                movement, and gathering broad demographic information for
                aggregate use.

        Log Files
                In addition to the information that you share with us, our Web
                site servers use standard log files. These logs include Internet
                Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider
                (ISP), and page information in order to administer our website,
                refine content and flow, and to gather broad demographic
                information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked
                to personally identifiable information.

        Personally identifiable information
                At the WAN Vision web site, you can subscribe to Afik1 System
                Information Exchange product, order a virtual domain and
                subscribe to one of our services such as domain administration
                or our online newsletter. The types of personally identifiable
                information that may be collected at these pages include: name,
                address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit
                card information, and information about your interests in and
                use of various products and services. We will not sell, rent,
                lease, or otherwise disseminate your personally identifiable
                information to others.

4. Access to personal information & Security of personal information
        WAN Vision takes significant steps to protect your personally identifiable
        information with secure servers, from simple name registration to encrypted
        financial data used in e-commerce transactions. Any information you provide us
        is maintained and accessible only by WAN Vision and its Network Site.

5. Children's information
        WAN Vision is committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such
        as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
        Children without the consent of their parent or guardian should submit no
        personally identifiable information to WAN Vision’ s web site. WAN Vision will
        not knowingly collect from or use any personally identifiable information of
        children for any purpose, including disclosure to third parties.

6. Communications from the Site
        All visitors who share their personal information with WAN Vision will be
        automatically subscribed to "Forward Vision", WAN Vision’s email newsletter,
        and will be added to our in-house email list. Out of respect for your privacy,
        we provide a way to opt-out of these communications on each email newsletter.
        Customer support communicates with users on a regular basis to provide
        requested services. In regards to issues relating to installed products, we
        reply via email or phone (only in Israel), in accordance with the users
        wishes.

        Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will
        post those changes to this privacy statement.

        Contact Information If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our
        privacy policy, please contact us at webmaster@wan-vision.com


