TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE :

1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
        Thank you for choosing AFIK1 SYSTEM of WAN Vision Ltd. WAN Vision provides its
        AFIK1 SYSTEM, Virtual Domains And Storage Hosting (the "SERVICE") to you,
        subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Service ("TERMS").


2. MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
        WAN Vision reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices
        under which the Service is offered, including but not limited to the charges
        associated with the use of the Service with a prior notice of 60 days.


3. THE SERVICES
        WAN Vision provides private & commercial users with access to various
        resources, including, the Service. Any new features that augment or enhance
        the current Service, including the release of new WAN Vision products or
        services, shall be subject to the TERMS. The Service is provided "AS-IS". WAN
        Vision reserves the right to modify or discontinue temporarily the Service
        with or without notice or liability.


4. USER OBLIGATIONS
        You agree to submit full and complete information about yourself as requested
        in the Service's registration form ("Registration Data") and to keep it true
        and accurate. If any of the information you provide is not true or accurate,
        or WAN Vision or Actcom has reasonable grounds to suspect that such
        information is untrue, or not accurate, WAN Vision has the right to suspend or
        terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the
        Service (or any portion thereof).


5. MEMBER ACCOUNT
        Once you have filled out the Registration Data, you will obtain a password and
        a user name. You have the sole responsibility for maintaining the
        confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all activities
        that occur under your account. You agree to notify WAN Vision immediately of
        any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.


6. WAN Vision PRIVACY POLICY
        Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject to our
        Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy policy.

7. USER CONDUCT
        You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound,
        photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), are the
        sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. WAN
        Vision does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does
        not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.

8. MANAGING CONTENT
        WAN Vision does not review the Content posted by users on the Service. WAN
        Vision reserves the right to delete, move or edit any Content that it may
        determine, in its sole discretion, violates this Agreement or is otherwise
        unacceptable and to preserve and/or disclose Content if required to do so by
        law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is
        reasonably necessary to:

                1. comply with legal process;
                2. enforce the TERMS;
                3. respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of
                   third-parties.

9. INTERNATIONAL USE
        Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply
        with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content.

10. INDEMNITY
        You agree to indemnify, defend and hold WAN Vision & its officers, agents,
        other partners, and employees, harmless from any and all claims, liability,
        losses costs, expenses or demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made
        by any third party due to or arising out of use or alleged use of the Services
        under your password by any person, whether or not authorized by you or for any
        Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your
        violation of the TERMS, or your violation of any rights of another.

11. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
        You acknowledge that WAN Vision may establish general practices and limits
        concerning use of the Service (according to your contract) and and that WAN
        Vision shall have no obligation to maintain any Content or to forward any
        unread or unsent messages to you or any third party after logging off an
        account. You agree that WAN Vision has no responsibility or liability for the
        deletion, corruption or failure to store any Content maintained or transmitted
        by the Service. WAN Vision makes no warranty that any service will be
        uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

12. WAN Vision’S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
        You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains proprietary and
        confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property
        and other laws. WAN Vision grants you a non-transferable and non-exclusive
        right and license to use the object code of its Software, provided that you do
        not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, rent, lease, loan,
        sell, distribute or create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse
        assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign,
        sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in
        the Software in whole or in part.

13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
        YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: Your use of the service is at your
        sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. WAN
        Vision expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or
        implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of
        merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement; WAN
        Vision makes no warranty that :

                1. the service will meet your requirements,
                2. the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or
                   error-free,
                3. the results that may be obtained from the use of the service
                   will be accurate or reliable,
                4. the quality of any products, services, information, or other
                   material purchased or obtained by you through the service
                   will meet your expectations,
                5. any errors in the software will be corrected.

        Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the
        service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely
        responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that
        results from the download of any such material; No advice or information,
        whether oral or written, obtained by you from WAN Vision or through or from
        the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the TERMS.

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
        You expressly understand and agree that WAN Vision shall not be liable for any
        direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages,
        including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data
        or other intangible losses (even if WAN Vision has been advised of the
        possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to
        use the Service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services
        resulting from any data, information or services purchased or obtained or
        messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Service;
        (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv)
        statements or conduct of any third party on the Service; or (v) any other
        matter relating to the Service.

15. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
        Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the
        limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages.
        Accordingly, some of the above limitations of sections 13 and 14 may not apply
        to you.

16. GENERAL INFORMATION
        The TERMS constitute the entire agreement between you, WAN Vision and govern
        your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you & WAN
        Vision. The TERMS and the relationship between you and WAN Vision shall be
        governed by the laws of the State of Israel without regard to its conflict of
        law provisions. You & WAN Vision agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
        jurisdiction of the courts located within the country of Israel. The failure
        of WAN Vision to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TERMS shall
        not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the
        TERMS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties
        nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the
        parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of
        the TERMS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any
        statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or
        related to use of the Service or the TERMS must be filed within one (1) year
        after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section
        titles in the TERMS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual
        effect. Sections 10, 13, 14, 15 and 16 shall survive any termination of this
        Agreement.

